When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

You might use a remote repository when you are collaborating with others or indeed working on multiple devices

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

 Because you have made changes in your local repository that you want to keep.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

A fork is where GitHub makes a clone of repository on there own machines.
A clone is a copy of a GitHub repository on your own local machine.
A branch is a label for a commit from which point you branch off to fix a bug or try out a new feature.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

Because when you are collaborating there is a potential for a collaborator too push conflicting
changes to your local copy of the repository to GitHub before you get a chance to push you local copy.
Having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally helps us to identofy the conflict
and resolve it and then get everything up to date.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

Email - but ot would be difficult to keep track of everything.
Dropbox/Google Drive - the change log would be difficult though

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

When you are trying to add a new feature but you're not sure yet if that feature fits or will work 
- putting it directly into the master doesn't make sense. Branching makes more sense and then when you 
try it out, if it works you can merge it into the master and incorporate the feature otherwise you
can delete the branch or park it and come back to it later. Creating a branch is also useful when you
are collaborating with other, you can try something out while others are working on the master and
when you're finished issue a pull request to see if what you've done is okay and can be pulled into
the master.
